<section class="rc-CourseReferencesPage"><h1 class="cds-137 css-1d8uksr cds-139" tabindex="-1">Errata Week 1 </h1><div class="rc-CDSToCMLStylesheet css-wmsacs"><div id="" class="rc-RenderableHtml rc-CML show-soft-breaks css-z95mbv" dir="auto"><div><div class="cmlToHtml-content-container" style="white-space: pre-wrap"><h1>Introduction</h1><ul><li><p>Supervised Learning: 1:25: Describing the curve as quadratic is confusing since the independent variable is price, but the plot's X-axis represents area.</p></li></ul><ul><li><p>Unsupervised Learning: 6:56 - the mouse does not point to the correct audio sample being played on the slide. Each subsequent audio sample has the mouse pointing to the previous sample.</p></li><li><p>Unsupervised Learning: 12:50 - the slide shows first option "Given email labelled as span/not spam, learn a spam filter" as one of the answers as well. Whereas, in the audio Professor puts it in Supervised Learning category.</p></li></ul><h1>Linear Regression With One Variable</h1><ul><li><p>A general note about the graphs that Prof Ng sketches when discussing the cost function. The vertical axis can be labeled either 'y' or 'h(x)' interchangeably. 'y' is the true value of the training example, and is indicated with a marker. 'h(x)' is the hypothesis, and is typically drawn as a curve. The scale of the vertical axis is the same, so both can be plotted on the same axis.</p></li><li><p>In the video "Cost Function - Intuition I", at about 6:34, the value given for J(0.5) is incorrect.</p></li><li><p>Parameter Learning: Video "Gradient Descent for Linear Regression": At 6:15, the equation Prof Ng writes in blue "h(x) = -900 - 0.1x" is incorrect, it should use "+900".</p></li></ul><h1>Gradient Descent for Linear Regression</h1><ul><li><p>At Timestamp 3:27 of this video lecture, the equation for θ1 is wrong, please refer to first line of Page 6 of ex1.pdf (Week 2 programming Assignment) for model equation (The last x is X superscript i, subscript j (Which is 1 in this case, as it is of θ1)). θ0 is correct as it will be multiplied by 1 anyways(value of X superscript i, subscript 0 is 1), as per the model equation.</p></li></ul><h1>Linear Algebra Review</h1><ul><li><p>Matrix-Matrix Multiplication: 7:14 to 7:33 - While exploring a matrix multiplication, Andrew solved the problem correctly below, but when he tried to rewrite the answer in the original problem, one of the numbers was written incorrectly. The correct result was (matrix 9 15) and (matrix 7 12), but when it was rewritten above it was written as (matrix 9 15) and (matrix 4 12). The 4 should have been a 7. (Thanks to John Kemp and others). This has been partially corrected in the video - third subresult matrix shows 7 but the sound is still 4 for both subresult and result matrices. Subtitle at 6:48 should be “two is seven and two”, and subtitle at 7:14 should be “seven twelve and you”.</p></li><li><p>3.4: Matrix-Matrix Multiplication: 8:12 - Andrew says that the matrix on the bottom left shows the housing prices, but those are the house sizes as written above</p></li><li><p>3.6: Transpose and Inverse: 9:23 - While demonstrating a transpose, an example was used to identify B(subscript 12) and A(subscript 21). The correct number 3 was circled in both cases above, but when it was written below, it was written as a 2. The 2 should have been a 3. (Thanks to John Kemp and others)</p></li></ul><h1>Addition and scalar multiplication video</h1><ul><li><p>Spanish subtitles for this video are wrong. Seems that those subtitles are from another video.</p></li></ul></div></div></div></div></section>